Move user event loop callback to it's own API (#3115)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/libf3d/01-OVERVIEW.md

In order to add new supported file format to libf3d, you can create a plugin using CMake macros. Please follow instructions in the [F3D plugin SDK guide](05-PLUGINS.md).
Also make sure the `plugin_sdk` component have been installed as well as the `sdk` component.

> ## Migrate from 3.x

Author: ```suggestion
## Migrate from v3.x
```

> Non backward compatible changes have been introduced in 4.0, please take a look at [the migration guide](06-MIGRATION.md) if you are trying to migrate your libf3d 3.x code base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non backward compatible changes have been introduced in v4.0, please take a look at [the migration guide](06-MIGRATION.md) if you are trying to migrate your libf3d v3.x code base.
```
